## TF_CLI_ARGS and TF_CLI_ARGS_name Terraform variables

   Terraform uses subcommands like `apply` , `plan` , `destoy`, to all those subcommands flags might be passed in order
to change the default behaviour of Terraform, for example the flag `-refresh=false`. Passing flags can be done manually, each time typing it alongside the subcommand for example `terraform plan -refresh=false`. There are cases where passing a curtain flag with parameter might be needed constantly, when integrating Terraform with particular CI solution for example. TF_CLI_ARGS and TF_CLI_ARGS_name environmental variables come handy in exactly such cases.

- `TF_CLI_ARGS`  - It is used to change the default behaviour of Terraform for all subcommands. For example, if environment variable with name  TF_CLI_ARGS is set to `TF_CLI_ARGS=-refresh=false`, this means that all Terraform subcommands are going to be executed with `-refresh=false` flag before the flags and arguments passed by the user. For example if the users executes `terraform plan -no-color` it is going to translate into `terraform apply -refresh=false -no-color`. One thing to remember is that, all flags and parameters specified in TF_CLI_ARG are always going to be placed before the flags and parameters passed by the user.
- `TF_CLI_ARGS_name` - It has pretty much the same function as TF_CLI_ARGS, but it is valid only for specific subcommand, for example only for `plan` subcommand. In order to make Terraform to use a particular flag with `plan` subcommand, environment variable with name `TF_CLI_ARGS_plan` needs to be set like this : `export TF_CLI_ARGS_plan=-no-color` . When this variable is set, each time when the user runs `terraform plan` the `-no-color` flag is going to be passed as flag to the subcommand. All flags with arguments specified in the environment variable for specific subcommand are always going to be place before the flags and arguments specified by the user.

    In final words should be said that `TF_CLI_ARGS` and `TF_CLI_ARGS_name` are really powerful options of Terraform
which can be used in various cases where permanent change of Terraform default behaviour is needed.
